We wish to crowdsource the capturing of the layout of 8-bit chips from
the 70s and 80s, in a general way (so, 16 and 32 bit chips too.)

The visualchips project at visual6502.org has a collection of old
chips which are being depackaged, deprocessed and photographed. 

To fully understand those chips we need to capture polygon data
corresponding to the photographs.  The photographs are huge, and it
takes a few months of hobbyist time to go over every square micron and
trace the outlines of each shape on each layer. 

This, the crowdsource-polygons project mastered at
https://github.com/trebonian/crowdsource-polygons, aims to accelerate
the capturing of polygons, by casting it as a simple online game and
making it fun. 

The aim is to have a single page somewhere like
http://visual6502.org/crowdsource.html which presents a photo of a
small patch of a chip. The player gets points and promotions according
to progress and the accuracy of their work.  Each tile should take
something like 5 to 15 minutes to capture. 

The player will need a login so we can accumulate their scores, and
we'll present motivating feedback including a leader board and an
impression of overall progress on the chip.  Somehow we'll give an
immediate score for each submission, and possibly we'll later issue a
quality bonus when the tile is re-scored.

We hope to see several tiles submitted during a single session, but
each tile is small and self contained so there will be no way to save
progress locally. 

As a secondary goal, we might try to make this single-page polygon
capture tool work on touchpad or handheld devices. Desktop is the
primary platform (unless the other is really easy)

Most of the complexity will be on the server side: that code will also
be developed within this project but can only be tested with a
suitable server setup. Probably github's gh-pages feature won't let us
test server side computation. 

We'll have a more detailed design document elsewhere.

Please note the various licenses and Copyright associated with each file.
If there's no statement of terms, the MIT License
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
will apply.

This project is associated with the visualchips project at visual6502.org

/*
 Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Silverman, Barry Silverman, Ed Spittles

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
 of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
 THE SOFTWARE.
*/
